## Question 1: Which products should we order and why?
This table shows the top 10 vehicles that are ordered the most and have limited stock, indicating which products are highest in demand. The data shows product names alongside their respective product lines. Vintage cars and motorcycles dominate the list, each representing 30% of high-demand items, followed by ships (20%), with classic cars and planes each accounting for 10%. 
| productName | productLine |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| 1968 Ford Mustang | Classic Cars |
| 1911 Ford Town Car | Vintage Cars |
| 1928 Mercedes-Benz SSK | Vintage Cars |
| 1960 BSA Gold Star DBD34 | Motorcycles |
| 1997 BMW F650 ST | Motorcycles |
| 1928 Ford Phaeton Deluxe | Vintage Cars |
| 2002 Yamaha YZR M1 | Motorcycles |
| The Mayflower | Ships |
| F/A 18 Hornet 1/72 | Planes |
| Pont Yacht | Ships |

## Question 2: How should we match marketing and communication strategies to customer behaviors?
We can first categorize customers into VIP and Standard groups based on how much they purchase from this auto ddealership. We can then create different marketing campaigns based off of this categorization
- VIP: We can implement a rewards system or plan annual events to foster loyalty from this customer group
- Standard: We can promote a referral program to expand customer base while rewarding current clients
Profit of each product is calculated by the query SUM(quantityOrdered * (priceEach - buyPrice)), grouping by customerNumber. This yields the following tables:

VIP List
| contactLastName | contactFirstName | city | country | profit |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Freyre | Diego | Madrid | Spain | 326519.66 |
| Nelson | Susan | San Rafael | USA | 236769.39 |
| Young | Jeff | NYC | USA | 72370.09 |
| Ferguson | Peter | Melbourne | Australia | 70311.07 |
| Labrune | Janine | Nantes | France | 60875.30 |

The number of VIPs can be adjusted as seen fit.

## Question 3: How much can we spend on acquiring new customers?
The following formula is used to calculate the Customer Lifetime Value (LTV):
LTV = Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) x Customer Lifespan

- Average Order Value (AOV) is the average amount spent by a customer in a single transaction
- Purchase Frequency is the number of times a customer makes a purchase within a given time period (e.g., monthly or annually)
- Customer Lifespan is the average duration a customer remains a customer (e.g., in months or years)
- Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) is the average revenue generated by a customer over a given time period.

However, our dataset cannot accurately provide us customer lifespan due to the nature of this store. Customers are generally not going to purchase a lot of cars, motorcycles, planes, or boats. 
As the LTV tells us how much profit an average customer generates during their lifetime with our store. We can generalize it as the average amount of money for every order. We can then use this LTV value to predict our future profit. (Ex. If we get ten new customers next month, we'll earn 10*LTV dollars). We can decide based on this prediction how much we can spend on acquiring new customers.

Our LTV came to be 39039.594388.
